[Music]
welcome to the making of the best
joon-hee with my body makes
that's my work that's what sisters and I
and we are upstairs on the facility
and we have every level
two separate location in cities in
America and what we're doing tonight is
last-minute Joe moving everything around
we've got a little traffic coming up so
we want to make sure that Jim's going to
be ready while we're away and we can
rely on well I don't want to put it on
another paper to finish out Jim while
we're away so
and we've got very lucky they have all
of our team here to help us
I'm gonna introduce you to all about
chain they're coming here today it's
helped with all the gym equipment
to show you so that you can see this
piecing together as a console
[Music]
check this out check this mess out right
now this is our platform spice what
everything Old Spice
we need to throw the rocket down
machines check out our bathrooms so my
wife Felicia she's a designer so she's
responsible for all of the design coming
in check out this is gonna be up our
bathroom shower really nice tiling all
of that stuff
I don't know anybody interior design you
might appreciate it for me I get to kind
of shout out and go to the toilet input
[__] you know the kitchen here you guys
are gonna say that but right now it's
pretty much just a mess let's put all
together walk back in this room all of
the little things that can fit are going
to go in that room because we're gonna
have like the leg press and the hacks
for everything in this room with the big
doorway okay so if you can fill in that
room tank in that room stacked nicely
these dumbbells we're going to put them
like to take them
first put the rats in place in the
corners and then we put the dumbbells
back on the racks so puts that quite
nicely and then we're being completed
that's where we're gonna put
[Music]
all right that was about a grand total
of 45 minutes all of the team of face
gym came together to help me do the
first move we're gonna have two more of
these moves to go but that was really
helpful to have about a ton or more of
boys and girls hope we've been making
this heavy job feel very life this is
little risky otherwise known as Chuck
the lovely Kaylee hello - the lovely
mrs. McCarthy
this is big care he takes a lot with his
bench press this is big passoth has the
Australian wish miss ritchi decision
isn't Alex the silverback Simon formerly
Australia's number one pallet up next
move the GFC watch this space
Aaron an animal kid crawl he's been here
for a while now he's the number one way
lived in Australia he has the biggest
smash in Australia hundred ninety five
kilograms we're going to see 200 F bass
team under 220 kilogram playing joke
otherwise he's off the team this is my
brother Cameron every time you see
someone behind me
it's this guy he had my back since day
one that's the road mr. Musharraf his
number one team mascot he's been here
from day one on Horace to tell about
this guy but he's he's known for his
science
I don't know where they've gone we got
little dinner Jay this is my little sis
this one steak juice for some big lips
50 kilograms 160 killer-diller 240 kilo
squad we're gonna break that snare down
meat in EJ yes Felicia's anyone else I
think the moms let's just give special
mention to the moms over here
that's my mother-in-law that's Vicki J
and then this is this is my mom
b-positive wizard Malaysia Malaysia I'm
just doing the introductions and this is
day one of the move done and dusted and
this is my wife Felicia girlfriend stay
tuned more to come thank you for
watching come and check it out next time
we're probably going to be three days
it's going to be Monday and we're going
to do the exact opposite of what we just
did we moved everything onto the
concrete part so if you clear the space
we're gonna move everything back into
space on Monday and it's going to all
come together not upstairs this is going
to be done afterwards but today what
we've got is a whole bunch of us on day
two of the move so what you guys saw
last time was a whole bunch of us moving
everything out of the way so that our
platforms could be prepared and the
rubber mats to be laid down also the
black astroturf which is still covered
it's fine and not going to be exposed
yet because we still got a lot of dirty
workz happening but we've got a few
special guests that are going to be
coming tomorrow so we fast forward a lot
of the procedures and we're going to
have a session tomorrow so we kind of
got to get it ready by about maybe 70 80
percent ready so there's a lot of things
that aren't done yet the bathrooms
aren't done we've still got a bunch of
equipment that's an order and it's due
to come so lucky for us we've still got
awesome equipment that we're going to be
able to use and have a session tomorrow
but in the meantime we've got just a few
of us we didn't get as many people
because now that we've got the rubber
mats down and we don't want to damage it
the first day we were able to drag all
the machines around because the floor
didn't really matter now that is so all
of this here this all has to be put in
place it's going to be put in place
permanently to
for them to pick up with the girls are
going to be very important today making
sure everything's clean so that we put
it in place one time only though so
that's what she's doing she's getting
all the dust off so that we can lay down
you can see it extra clean fresh dust on
the floor because it's pure black but
that's what we wanted
it looks better but it gets dirty real
quick so we got to make sure we keep it
clean we just want the girls are clean
free so oh good okay so check it out so
see this map here this has all been
leveled
lucky for us my father-in-law the girl's
father he's an engineer and he's a
perfectionist sees behind here's the
main building here so he's behind the
scenes on everything making sure we put
thousands of dollars worth of it's
called art of self leveling like cement
to make sure that our pool is our level
which is pretty important for us at a
Strength's facility at this level so
especially over here check this out
so first platform that you see here
that's a weightlifting platform so we
ordered special stand on because it's
being glued down that's
we got laid down and the rest of it
covered so that'll be uncovered with me
when the glue dries probably tomorrow
we'll take this one while us getting
there so you know before we were
considering that's the animal killer and
crawl before considering and there's
just going to be another weightlifting
platform but then he insisted to smash
trying to kilograms you know it's better
if he doesn't have the grippy rubber
surface so I want to have that for a
proper strength facility I want to be
able to cater for not only power of
thing but weightlifting is a pretty cool
sport as well not just my fleas but I'd
like to learn a thing or two and he's
gonna be teaching me a whole bunch along
the way so the first 200 kilo snatch in
Australia coming right up hey Aaron yeah
he did a hundred and eighty six
kilograms last week I told him for
tomorrow's videos but you're gonna see
he has to get full blues on this that's
180 kilos and if he doesn't get that
he's off the thing
now here's good 180 that season any days
a week okay so here's our next platform
so what we got four meters so all of
them look like this pretty much four
meters by three meters this one here is
going to be out of comp Iraq to be sent
out these competitions you can move this
you can turn this into a squat rack you
can turn it well there is a bench press
now or you can get rid of it and just
have it as a addendum platform so this
is going to be center stage over here
exactly the same as that but this is
where our monolith is going to live
permanently all the big deadlifts and
bench presses are going to be sitting
here all the beat playing Joseph
snatches away two movements are going to
be running missing so this is this is
base gym right here this is the white
wards and we have got some cool signage
being made my wife Felicia she's a
designer so she she's got some pretty
nice little things that are going to be
sorted out have a look at the paint
finish the paint finish it's not just
ordinary right no it's not special wash
stuff that likes to look like cement I
don't know yeah also painters have done
a great job on that any professional
footage so as far as they know it didn't
happen all right Felicia says her now
she was drifting she was good okay so
here let's flip up a bit of the plastic
yeah run myself
we are some black astroturf this is all
about conditioning
that often the face Jim but it's there
just in case like I said I want to be
able to cater for all types of athletes
and we do we've got two rugby players
thing that comes to mind first Alex the
God Simon formerly number one power
lifter in Australia and his second
powerlifting competition ever
he retired powerlifting with that title
of number one pallet in Australia to
pursue his career in MMA so he's going
to be doing a lot of strength and
conditioning so much more conditioning
as well as his his heavy lifts and and
so this is the nature of the exercise
that's going to happen the training
that's going to happen at base gym it's
not just powerlifting we cater for all
sports so we look like here and here
this is where you know we're getting
dirty cleaning on the hand to maze where
we go around anyway
they're polishing the concrete here so
it's going to be nice and clean this
Friday but as for now it's very dusty up
until it gets sealed we'll go to
outdoors here so we're the people he's
open in case you want to do any work
outside we don't need to go there now
it's not much happening the kitchen will
be there the bathrooms will be in there
and nothing's finished yet we've got
nowhere to go to the toilet right now
but check it out anyway this is you know
the tiling is pretty much been done now
so now he's just doing the growly next
week the plumbing will be all fitted off
so all the taps will be done the toilets
will be done that's pretty much it
that's pretty much the only thing that I
haven't spoken about is our offices our
offices are full of junk right now
shouldn't call it junk it's very
expensive junk that's all about gym
equipment but you'll see the office it's
going to look really nice so now that
the boys are you we're gonna get going
check it out
[Music]
yeah
anyway whatever all right I don't do
this Beshara does any lip stuff you see
that you got the textbook give me a pony
using some really good shoes well what
kind of shoes are they
Oh
[Music]
ladies right so all the Gustav ships
120 dollars solution 2020
the crazy [__]
after two days we're still not finished
now we need finish so come and check out
what all of the boys and girls helped us
with today I started to look like a gym
and I'm freaking stoked check it out the
dumbbells all in place check out the
floor see we're still wiping away this
is consequences of of getting the work
done with that ceiling our concrete
that's going to happen in a week's time
so we're gonna be mopping all night and
then every single time we come in here
to be completely honest with you
dumbbells nice and polished floor not so
much polished new bench press this is
what we use in our competition so we
bought that that's brand new so that's
unpack so we'll get to use that tomorrow
for the very first time very exciting
these other machines leg presses hack
squats hamstring curls
we've packed them likes a veins over in
the corner we're still not 100% decided
where we're going to be putting all of
those pieces
check out the sled track don't know
who's going to be using this but there
it is mono lifts we'll be using that a
lot this is the same one or lift that we
use in competition or custom for us it's
all black like everything else in here
black and white or mainly black bench
press squat and deadlift platform so
right now set up as a bench press but
it's a combo rack so you can turn it
into whatever you like but they're
pretty big platforms these are four
meters by three majors and that's the
team we got Felicity we got by hand
we got an we got Bashara we got big kid
everybody am
do more people what father will see he
left here to go back and train people we
got big Jimmy incognito out the back
there
we got the weightlifting platform check
this out so this thing here is still
looking not complete because it's not
complete we're waiting for the glue to
dry and we're gonna peel all the plastic
back tomorrow and it's gonna make the
gym look a lot better but anyway this is
it for now
so until tomorrow we're gonna be back
we're gonna have some special guests
it's going to be a little bit miss here
after there I'm sure you're going to see
some white footprints all over the place
and then that they will conclude with
all of us on our hands and a scrubbing
but that's it thanks for tuning in guys
say goodbye everyone
[Music]